In class, we wrote a program that accepted user input and, based on that input, displayed a message back to the user.

Now, it's your turn to write a program on your own.

Create your own guessing game on a topic that relates to you. For example, here are some questions you could ask the user to guess:

How many hours have you been alive?
How many times have you visited your Grandma?
How many My Little Pony characters you can name?
How many hours have you logged in your favorite game?
Your program must have the following features.

1) Prompt the user for input.
2) Alert the user with different messages based on that input. You will need to use some sort of conditional statement to redirect your programs responses based on input.

If you get the basic pieces in place quickly, stretch yourself to extend your program in fun and clever ways.

Getting started:

In your project folder create a folder called guessing_game.
Initialize the guessing_game folder as a git repository. (using terminal change to the guessing_game folder and enter 'git init')
In this guessing game folder create a file called game.html.
Add your JavaScript code between <script> and </script> tags.
Use prompt() and alert() for user input and output.
Write your program in your text editor. (sublimetext 2)
Run and test your program in Chrome.
EXTRA: Think about how readable your program is to other programmers.

Using 'git add', Add the program to the staging area.
Using 'git commit', Commit the staging area with a meaningful message.

Create a README.md file and explain how your game works.
Add this file to the staging area.
Commit the staging area with a meaningful message.

Synchronizing your work with a github repository:
Create an empty repository on GitHub also called guessing_game.
Using 'git remote', add an origin remote to your local repository that points to your new GitHub repository.
Using 'git push', push your local master branch (default branch) to the origin master branch on GitHub.

Submitting the assignment:
Submit the link to your GitHub repository to this Canvas assignment.
Add a comment to your Canvas submission with answers to the following questions.
1) How long did this assignment take you?
2) What observations or questions do you have about what you've learned?